---
title: "1. Preparation"
tags: [preparation]
---

# 1. 🚧 Preparation

You need to prepare your development environment and set up your Bittensor wallet to participate in the RedTeam Subnet challenges. This guide outlines the necessary steps to get started.

## System requirements

!!! warning "System Requirements"
    Below is the minimum system requirements for running a miner node:

    - **CPU**: 2+ cores
    - **RAM**: 8GB+
    - **Storage**: 50GB+
    - **OS**: Linux-based (Ubuntu 22.04 LTS+ recommended)
    - **Network**: Stable internet connection

## 1.1. Prerequisites

- Install and open **Terminal** or **Command Line Interface** to run commands.
- Install **curl**
- Install [**git**](https://git-scm.com/install)
- Install **Python (>= v3.10)** and **pip (>= 23)**:
    - **[RECOMMENDED]  [Miniconda (v3)](../../manuals/installation/miniconda.md)**
- Install [**docker** and **docker compose**](../../manuals/installation/docker.md)

## 1.2. Setup workspace and environment

Create a dedicated workspace and conda environment for RedTeam Subnet miner development, testing, and submission to prevent conflicts with other projects and dependencies.

### 1.2.1. Prepare projects directory (if not exists)

Create a dedicated directory for RedTeam Subnet projects:

```sh
# Create projects directory:
mkdir -pv ~/workspaces/projects/redteam61

# Enter into projects directory:
cd ~/workspaces/projects/redteam61
```

### 1.2.2. Create conda environment with python 3.10 and pip

Create and activate isolated conda environment for RedTeam Subnet:

```sh
conda create -y -n redteam python=3.10 pip

# Activate conda environment:
conda activate redteam
```

## 1.3. Setup Your Bittensor Wallet

You need to set up a Bittensor wallet to participate in the RedTeam Subnet challenges. Follow the steps below to create, fund, and register your wallet on the Subnet.

### 1.3.1. Create Your Wallet

Follow [this link](../../manuals/bittensor/wallet/create.md) to create your Bittensor wallet.

### 1.3.2. Fund Your Wallet

Follow [this link](../../manuals/bittensor/wallet/fund.md) to fund your wallet.

### 1.3.3. Register Your Wallet on Subnet

Follow [this link](../../manuals/bittensor/wallet/register.md) to register your wallet on the RedTeam Subnet 61.

## Next step

- [**2. Develop Solution**](./2.develop-solution.md)
