---
title: "2. Develop Solution"
tags: [challenge, solution, development]
---

# 2. Develop Solution

You need to develop a solution for a specific challenge in the RedTeam Subnet. This guide outlines the steps to choose a challenge, set up the environment, and implement your solution.

## Prerequisites

- [**1. Preparation**](./1.preparation.md)

## 2.1. Choose challenge to solve

You need to choose a challenge from the RedTeam Subnet challenges to work on. Each challenge has its own repository and documentation that outlines the requirements and objectives. Browse the list of active challenges and select one that interests you:

- [**RedTeam subnet - challenges**](./../../challenges/README.md):
    - [**Auto Browser Sniffer Challenge**](./../../challenges/ab_sniffer/README.md)
    - [**Anti-Detect Automation Challenge**](./../../challenges/ada_detection/README.md)
    - [**Humanize Behavior Challenge**](./../../challenges/humanize_behaviour/README.md)

## 2.2. Setup challenge environment

Follow the specific challenge documentation from above links or go to the each challenge repository to set up your development environment. Here are the links to clone each challenge repository:

- [**Auto Browser Sniffer Challenge**](https://github.com/RedTeamSubnet/ab-sniffer-challenge):

```sh
git clone https://github.com/RedTeamSubnet/ab-sniffer-challenge.git && \
    cd ab-sniffer-challenge
```

- [**Anti-Detect Automation Challenge**](https://github.com/RedTeamSubnet/ada-detection-challenge):

```sh
git clone https://github.com/RedTeamSubnet/ada-detection-challenge.git && \
    cd ada-detection-challenge
```

- [**Humanize Behavior Challenge**](https://github.com/RedTeamSubnet/humanize-behaviour-challenge):

```sh
git clone https://github.com/RedTeamSubnet/humanize-behaviour-challenge.git && \
    cd humanize-behaviour-challenge
```

## 2.3. Develop your own solution

Start implementing your own solution for the chosen challenge. Refer to the challenge documentation for guidelines, requirements, and evaluation criteria.

Clone the [miner repository](https://github.com/RedTeamSubnet/miner) and navigate to your challenge example directory:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/RedTeamSubnet/miner.git && \
    cd miner

# Navigate to your challenge example directory
cd examples/<CHALLENGE_NAME>
# For example, for AB Sniffer:
cd examples/ab_sniffer_v5
```

Place your solution files in the **dedicated path** specified in each challenge's README:

- **AB Sniffer v5**: `examples/ab_sniffer_v5/src/detections/`
- **Humanize Behaviour v5**: `examples/humanize_behaviour_v5/src/bot/bot.py`
- **ADA Detection v1**: `examples/ada_detection_v1/src/detections/`

## 2.4. Test your solution against challenge

Thoroughly test your solution locally to ensure it meets the challenge requirements and performs as expected, before proceeding to packaging and submission.

Manuals:

- [**Auto Browser Sniffer Challenge**](../../challenges/ab_sniffer/testing_manuals.md)
- [**Anti-Detect Automation Challenge**](../../challenges/ada_detection/testing_manuals.md)
- [**Humanize Behavior Challenge**](../../challenges/humanize_behaviour/testing_manuals.md)

## Next Step

- [**3. Build and Submit**](./3.build-and-submit.md)
