---
title: Humanize Behaviour v1
---

# Humanize Behaviour v1 (Active after Feb 12st 2025 14:00 UTC)

## Description

The **Humanize Behaviour v1** is designed to test the ability of bot scripts to mimic human behavior when interacting with a web UI form.

For general challenge information, technical requirements, and plagiarism policies, please refer to the [Humanize Behaviour README](../README.md).

---

## Example Code

Example code for the Humanize Behaviour v1 can be found in the [`redteam_core/miner/commits/humanize_behaviour_v1/`](https://github.com/RedTeamSubnet/RedTeam/blob/main/redteam_core/miner/commits/deprecated/humanize_behaviour_v1/) directory.

### Core Requirements

1. Use the template bot script provided in the [`redteam_core/miner/commits/humanize_behaviour_v1/src/bot/bot.py`](https://github.com/RedTeamSubnet/RedTeam/blob/main/redteam_core/miner/commits/deprecated/humanize_behaviour_v1/src/bot/bot.py) file.
2. Modify only **`run_bot()`** function while keeping the rest of the code as is.
3. The bot script must be able to:
    - Use the provided `driver`.
    - Check all click locations provided in `config` (in given order).
    - Fill in username and password.
    - Submit the form.

### Things to remember

- **Click only in provided locations**: Extra clicks for input and submit buttons are allowed, but incorrect order or skipping locations will cause submission failure.
- **Action Sequence**: Click `login-button` at the end of the session; early clicks will end the session prematurely.

## Submission Guide

To build and submit your solution, please follow the [Building a Submission Commit](../../../miner/workflow/3.build-and-publish.md) guide.
